@node Major Modes, Minor Modes, Modes, Modes
@section Major Modes
@cindex Major Modes

XWEM has many different ''major modes''(sometimes refered as
''managing model''), each of which customizes XWEM for managing client
of a particular sort.  The major modes are mutually exclusive; at any
time, each client managed using only one major mode.  The xwem
modeline normally contains the name of the current major mode in
parentheses.  Note @pxref{Mode Line}.

   The least specialized major mode is called ''generic
mode''(@pxref{Generic Mode}.  This mode has no mode-specific
redefinitions or variable settings.  Each xwem command behaves in its
most general manner, and each option is in its default state.  For
managing specific clients, such as Mplayer in or clients with
WM_TRANSIENT_FOR X property, you should switch to appropriate major
mode, such as fullscreen or transient.

   Selecting a major mode changes the meanings of a few keys to become
more specifically adapted to the client being managed.

@menu
* Mode Methods::       Methods used to manage clients.
* Modes Overview::     Brief overview of all major modes.
* Default Mode::       Stub for clients How clients are managed
* Generic Mode::       How clients are managed by default.
* Choosing Modes::     How major modes are specified or chosen.
* Mode Hooks::         Customizing a major mode
@end menu

@node Mode Methods, Modes Overview, Major Modes, Modes
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@subsection Mode Methods
@cindex Mode Methods

Each major mode has few methods to operate on client:

@itemize
@item @code{manage} Method called when client maps its window for the
first time or when client changes its major mode.
@item @code{activate} Method called when client is either selecting,
or forced to became logically(in its client-local context) visible.
@item @code{deactivate} Method called when client is either
deselecting, or forced to became logically (in its client-local
context) hiden.
@item @code{refit} Method called when client forced to update its size
according to either user request, or client application request.
@item @code{iconify} Method called when client should became iconified
either by user request or client application request.
@item @code{withdraw} Method called when major mode is about to be
disassociated from client.
@end itemize

   Each major mode has properties list associated with it.  Each major
mode property denotes non major mode local methods behaviour,
i.e. general to all major modes.  Or denotes xwem behaviour in cirtain
oprations on clients of given major mode.  Each major mode may or may
not have @pxref{Match Specificator} that is used to match clients in
order to select appropriate major mode.

@node Modes Overview, Default Mode, Mode Methods, Modes
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@subsection Modes Overview
@cindex Modes Overview

TODO: write me

@node Default Mode, Generic Mode, Modes Overview, Modes
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@subsection Default Mode
@cindex Default Mode

TODO: write me

@node Generic Mode, Choosing Modes, Default Mode, Modes
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@subsection Generic Mode
@cindex Generic Mode

TODO: write me

@node Choosing Modes, Mode Hooks, Major Modes, Major Modes
@subsection Choosing Modes
@cindex Choosing Modes

TODO: write me

@node Mode Hooks, Minor Modes, Major Modes, Major Modes
@subsection Mode Hooks
@cindex Mode Hooks

TODO: write me

@comment ------------
@node Minor Modes, , Major Modes, Modes
@section Minor Modes
@cindex Minor Modes

Minor modes are options which you can use or not.  For example, KeyTT
mode is a minor mode in which client specific keys redefined to be
more emacs-like.  All the minor modes are independent of each other
and of the selected major mode.  Most minor modes inform you in the
mode line when they are on; for example, `KeyTT' in the mode line means
that KeyTT mode is on.

   Append `-minor-mode' to the name of a minor mode to get the name of
a command function that turns the mode on or off.  Thus, the command
to enable or disable KeyTT mode is called `H-M-x
xwem-keytt-minor-mode-mode'.  These commands are usually invoked with
`H-M-x', but you can bind keys to them if you wish.  With no argument,
the function turns the mode on if it was off and off if it was on.
This is known as "toggling".  A positive argument always turns the
mode on, and an explicit zero argument or a negative argument always
turns it off.

