\input texinfo @c xwem.texi   -*-TeXinfo-*-
@c $Id: xwem.texi,v 1.1 2004/03/16 20:33:29 lg Exp $
@c Copyright (C) 2003 Free Software Foundation
@c %**start of header
@setfilename xwem.info
@settitle XEmacs Window Manager
@finalout
@c @setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header
@set EDITION 1.0
@set UPDATED May 25, 2003

@dircategory Lisp
@direntry
* XWEM: (xwem).		XEMacs Window Manager.
@end direntry

@ifinfo
@include xwem-version.texi
This manual for XWEM project version @value{VERSION}.

The manual was last updated @value{UPDATED}.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title XWEM
@subtitle X Emacs Window Manager
@subtitle Edition @value{EDITION}, for XWEM version @value{VERSION}
@author Zajcev Evgeny
@author Alex Ott
@end titlepage
Copyright @copyright{} 2003 Free Software Foundation

This file is part of XWEM.

XWEM is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

XWEM is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

@contents

@node Top, Overview, , (dir)

This manual is part of XWEM project.  This documentatin is very poor, so
you better look at .el files for technical stuff.

TODO: write me

@menu
* Overview::		An introduction.
* Getting Started::	Launching XWEM for the first time.
* Primitives::		XWEM primitives.
* Subsystems::		What is needed by Window Manager.
* Hooking::		Hooks in XWEM.
* Addons::		XWEM have some usefull packages(addons).
* Logging::		Logs facilities in XWEM.
* Licenses::		What you can't do with XWEM sources.
* Index::		This file index.

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Getting Started

* Configuring X::	How to configure X server.
* Configuring Emacs::	What you need in ~/.emacs to run XWEM.
* Configuring XWEM::	How to configure XWEM.

Primitives

* Frame::		Much like Emacs frame.
* Window::		Much like Emacs window.
* Client::		Something that in XWEM window.
* XWEM Minibuffer::	Global minibuffer for Emacs frames.

XWEM Subsystems

* Keyboard::		Keyboard support.
* Mouse::		Mouse support.
* Text Specifications::	Various texts support.
* Manage Database::	How various X11 clients are managed.
* System Tray::		Support for dock applications.
* Help::		XWEM is self documented.

Keyboard

* Keymaps::		Keymaps used by XWEM.
* Keymap Operations::	What you can do with XWEM keymaps.
* Smart Modifiers::	Special modifiers mode support.

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@c Overview of XWEM
@include overview.texi
@c Getting Started chapter
@include start.texi
@c XWEM's Primitives chapter
@include primitives.texi
@c XWEM's Subsystems overview chapter
@include subsystems.texi
@c Hooks used in XWEM chapter
@include hooking.texi
@c XWEM have various usefull packages
@include addons.texi
@c How to obtain logs about what XWEM and Xlib do
@include logging.texi

@node Licenses, Index, Logging, Top
@chapter Licenses
@cindex license

I think there is must be GPL text.

@node Index, , Licenses, Top
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp
@bye
